Your mom is too
You are your mother's biological son and he refuses to help you
Instead, protect that little bitch Ouyang everywhere
Of course, Mom, you can't push too hard here.
Otherwise it will be the opposite
I've seen it, come back in two days, what about the land?
The land must be small
This is our last chance to turn around
Let's sell some of our shares first
Find a way to borrow some more money
I can only do this
uncle aunt
Long time no see.
Why is Ah Chen free today?
Ouch, come as you come
Also brought something
That's very kind of you.
Aunt uncle
I came today.
I need to come to you on a blind date.
Ah Cheng, things happened a little suddenly
I haven't had time to tell you
We just got hit in the eye these two days.
Didn't I hide it from you on purpose?
This dead aunt Lan
Go and invite Miss Liu down
YANYAN
You are looking for me
Yanyan's mother will introduce you
He is 11%
Many years ago, we left home and married four families
Ah Cheng is your fiancé
fiancé